README.md, before:

# SC Kill Feed

Tool that tracks Star Citizen kills and displays the data in real time.

Building an .exe:

1. Install pyinstaller (or use the provided `build.ps1` on Windows):

```powershell
powershell -NoProfile -ExecutionPolicy Bypass -File .\build.ps1 (optional: -Clean)
```

2. Build using PyInstaller (single-file exe):

```powershell
pyinstaller --onefile --name sc-kill-parser launcher.py
```

CI (GitHub Actions)
--------------------

- The `test` job runs on `ubuntu-latest` and executes the unit tests with `python -m unittest discover -v`.
- The `build-windows` job runs on `windows-latest`, installs the build requirements from `requirements-build.txt`, runs the `build.ps1` PowerShell script to produce a Windows single-file executable using PyInstaller, and uploads the resulting `release\*.exe` as a workflow artifact.

Downloading build artifacts
--------------------------

After a successful build the Windows executable will be available as an artifact on the workflow run page in GitHub Actions.

Commit message:

Enhance README with CI/CD details and release process
This commit updates the README.md to clarify the CI/CD processes using GitHub Actions. It adds sections for Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment, detailing the test and build jobs, as well as the automatic and manual release procedures. The information on downloading releases has also been improved for better user guidance.

README.md, after:

# SC Kill Feed

Tool that tracks Star Citizen kills and displays the data in real time.

Building an .exe:

1. Install pyinstaller (or use the provided `build.ps1` on Windows):

```powershell
powershell -NoProfile -ExecutionPolicy Bypass -File .\build.ps1 (optional: -Clean)
```

2. Build using PyInstaller (single-file exe):

```powershell
pyinstaller --onefile --name sc-kill-parser launcher.py
```

CI/CD (GitHub Actions)
--------------------

### Continuous Integration

- The `test` job runs on `ubuntu-latest` and executes the unit tests with `python -m unittest discover -v`.
- The `build-windows` job runs on `windows-latest`, installs the build requirements from `requirements-build.txt`, runs the `build.ps1` PowerShell script to produce a Windows single-file executable using PyInstaller, and uploads the resulting `release\*.exe` as a workflow artifact.

### Continuous Deployment / Releases

The CD pipeline automatically creates releases when you push a tag starting with `v` (e.g., `v2.0.4`) or manually trigger a release:

**Automatic Release (tag push):**
```bash
git tag v2.0.4
git push origin v2.0.4
```

**Manual Release:**
Go to Actions → CD - Release → Run workflow → Enter version tag (e.g., `v2.0.4`)

The workflow will:
1. Run tests on Linux
2. Build the Windows executable
3. Create a GitHub Release with the built artifact attached
4. Mark as pre-release if version contains `-alpha`, `-beta`, `-rc`, or `-`

Downloading releases
--------------------------

Pre-built Windows executables are available in the [Releases](https://github.com/Ponder001/SCKillFeed/releases) section. Each release includes a download link for the `SCKillFeed-<version>.exe` file.
